Peanut Butter Cookies
ingredients-
1pc egg
0.1kg sugar
0.24kg peanut butter
steps-
Preheat oven to 350ºF (180ºC).
In a large bowl, mix together the peanut butter, sugar, and egg.
Scoop out a spoonful of dough and roll it into a ball. Place the cookie balls onto a nonstick baking sheet.
For extra decoration and to make them cook more evenly, flatten the cookie balls by pressing a fork down on top of them, then press it down again at a 90º angle to make a criss-cross pattern.
Bake for 8-10 minutes or until the bottom of the cookies are golden brown.
Remove from baking sheet and cool.

Easy Creme Brulee
ingredients-
0.075kg vanilla ice cream
1pc egg yolk
1pc tablespoon sugar
steps-
Preheat the oven to 325˚F (160˚C).
Scoop the ice cream in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave the ice cream for 30 to 40 seconds or until completely melted. Allow to cool for 5 minutes.
Add the egg yolk into the melted ice cream and whisk well.
Pour the mixture into a ramekin. Place the ramekin in a pan. Pour hot water into the pan to come roughly halfway up the sides of the ramekin.
Bake for 40-50 minutes. The crème brûlée should be set, but still a little jiggly in the middle. Remove the ramekins from the roasting pan, allow to cool to room temperature, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, and up to 3 days.
Remove the crème brûlée from the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes before browning the sugar on top.
Sprinkle a tablespoon of sugar on top of each crème brûlée. Using a torch, melt the sugar to for a crispy top. If you don’t have a torch, you can broil the crème brûlée to melt the sugar. Keep an eye on it, to make sure you don’t over cook it. Allow the crème brûlée to sit for at least 5 minutes before serving.
You can also make various flavor by using different ice cream flavors. If you are using flavored ice cream, use 1 egg instead of 1 yolk.

Mini Apple Crisp Skillets
ingredients-
0.125kg spice cake mix
3pc tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, divided
2pc apples, peeled, cored, and sliced
steps-
Preheat oven to 375˚F (190˚C).
In a small bowl, mix together the cake mix and 2 tablespoons of melted butter until the mixture is crumbly.
Pour 1 tablespoon of melted butter into the bottom of two small cast-iron skillets.
Arrange the apple slices in each skillet, ensuring the bottom is covered.
Sprinkle cake mixture over the apples.
Bake for 20 minutes, or until top appears crispy and edges are bubbling.
Cool for 10 minutes.

Cookies And Cream Mousse
ingredients-
8pc chocolate sandwich cookies, plus more for topping
0.36l heavy cream
0.08kg powdered sugar
steps-
Separate the cream from the chocolate sandwich cookies. Place the cookies in a plastic bag and the cream in a small bowl.
Using a rolling pin, crush the cookies until they are finely ground.
Microwave the cream from the chocolate sandwich cookies for 2 minutes.
In a chilled medium bowl, beat the heavy cream using a hand mixer until thick and frothy.
Add the cream from the cookies and the powdered sugar. Beat until stiff peaks form.
Fold in the chocolate sandwich cookie crumbs, saving some as topping for later.
Spoon into a piping bag or plastic bag with a piping tip. Pipe into serving bowls or glasses.
Top with remaining chocolate sandwich cookie crumbs and half of a chocolate sandwich cookie, if desired.
Serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve.

Whiskey Peach
ingredients-
0.07kg ice
1pc tablespoon peach jam
2pc tablespoons lemon juice
0.06l whiskey
steps-
In a cocktail shaker, combine the ice, peach jam, lemon juice, and whiskey.
Cover with the lid and shake vigorously for 30 seconds.
Strain into desired serving glass.
Garnish with a lemon twist.

Chili-glazed Salmon
ingredients-
3pc fillets
0.13kg chili sauce
0.025kg fresh scallions
steps-
Preheat oven to 400°F (200˚C).
In a bowl, mix together the salmon, chili sauce, and the scallions.
Place the fillets on a baking tray lined with parchment paper. Spoon any leftover sauce on top of the salmon.
Bake for 12-15 minutes, until the salmon is cooked but still tender.

Cheesy Garlic Broccoli
ingredients-
3pc crowns broccoli
 0.175kg shredded cheddar cheese 
3pc cloves garlic, crushed
steps-
Preheat oven to 375ºF (190ºC).
Spread out broccoli in a medium rectangular casserole dish.
Stir the garlic and cheddar cheese together in a separate bowl.
Sprinkle the cheese evenly over broccoli and add salt and pepper to taste.
Bake for 25 minutes.

Teriyaki Chicken
ingredients-
0.9kg boneless, skinless chicken thighs
0.24l soy sauce
0.11kg brown sugar
steps-
Heat a large nonstick pan over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and sear until golden brown on both sides.
Add the soy sauce and brown sugar and stir to combine, then bring to a boil. Cook until the sauce reduces and coats the chicken.
Serve with rice, if desired.

Butter Parmesan Corn
ingredients-
6pc half ears corn, cleaned, husked
2pc tablespoons butter, softened
0.055kg parmesan cheese
steps-
Preheat oven to 375ºF (190ºC).
Coat each ear of corn in a thin layer of butter and roll in the parmesan cheese to coat.
Place corn in a square baking dish and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Bake for 25 minutes.

Mac & Cheese
ingredients-
1.25 l milk
0.5kg elbow macaroni
0.2kg shredded cheddar cheese
steps-
In a large pot, bring the milk to a boil.
Add the pasta and stir constantly until the pasta is cooked, about 10 minutes.
Turn off the heat, then add the cheddar. Stir until the cheese is melted and the pasta is evenly coated.

Honey-Roasted Carrots
ingredients-
6pc whole carrots, or chopped (if you prefer bite-sized pieces), peeled with tips and ends cut off
2pc tablespoons butter, melted
2pc tablespoons honey
steps-
Preheat oven to 400ºF (200ºC).
In a medium casserole dish, evenly coat the carrots in butter, honey, salt, and pepper.
Bake for 25-30 minutes.

Herb-roasted Potatoes With Lime
ingredients-
0.9kg small potato
4pc tablespoons butter, melted
2pc tablespoons shallot, minced
4pc cloves garlic, minced
3pc sprigs fresh thyme
1pc sprig fresh rosemary
1 pc lime, juiced
steps-
Preheat the oven to 425˚F (220˚C).
In a large bowl, add the potatoes, butter, shallot, garlic, salt, pepper, thyme, and rosemary. Toss to combine.
Transfer the potatoes to a greased, parchment paper-lined baking sheet.
Bake for 10 minutes. Stir the potatoes, then bake for another 10-15 minutes, until golden brown.
Drizzle the potatoes with lime juice.

Roasted Cauliflower With Cumin And Turmeric
ingredients-
1pc head cauliflower, divided into florets
1pc tablespoon olive oil
2pc teaspoons cumin
1pc teaspoon turmeric
0.5pc teaspoon chili powder
1pc teaspoon salt
steps-
Preheat oven to 450˚F (220˚C).
In a mixing bowl combine the cauliflower, olive oil, cumin, turmeric, chili powder, and salt and mix with tongs until evenly coated.
Place seasoned cauliflower on parchment lined baking sheet and roast in preheated oven for 15 minutes or until lightly browned.

Parmesan Roasted Cauliflower
ingredients-
2kg cauliflower florets
1pc tablespoon olive oil
0.115kg italian breadcrumb
0.5pc teaspoon garlic powder
0.5pc teaspoon salt
0.055kg grated parmesan cheese
steps-
Preheat oven to 425˚F (220˚F).
In a bowl or ziploc bag, add the cauliflower florets and olive oil and stir until fully combined.
Add the garlic powder, salt, breadcrumbs, and Parmesan. Stir until fully coated.
Spread the cauliflower on a greased, foil-lined baking sheet.
Bake for 20 minutes. Stir the cauliflower and bake for an additional 10.

Honey Mustard Cauliflower Bites
ingredients-
1pc large head cauliflower
0.065kg flour
0.5pc teaspoon garlic powder
0.12l unsweetened almond milk
0.125kg honey mustard
steps-
Preheat oven to 400˚F/200˚C.
Break the head of cauliflower into bite-sized florets.
In a large bowl, combine flour, garlic powder and almond milk. Add the cauliflower florets and coat well.
Transfer the coated florets onto a parchment-lined baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes.
Remove the cauliflower from the oven and allow to cool for a few minutes. Once cool, transfer into a bowl, add honey mustard and coat well.
Return cauliflower to the baking sheet and bake for 10 more minutes or until heated through.
Serve with ranch or your favorite dipping sauce.

